{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1504\cocoasubrtf830
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Menlo-Bold;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Menlo-Regular;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 Menlo-BoldItalic;
\f3\fnil\fcharset0 Menlo-Italic;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue109;\red82\green0\blue103;\red109\green111\blue5;
\red109\green109\blue109;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\csgenericrgb\c0\c0\c42745;\csgenericrgb\c32157\c0\c40392;\csgenericrgb\c42745\c43529\c1961;
\csgenericrgb\c42745\c42745\c42745;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs24 \cf2 package 
\f1\b0 \cf0 com.example.a18925907.dinodine;\
\

\f0\b \cf2 import 
\f1\b0 \cf0 android.support.v7.app.AppCompatActivity;\

\f0\b \cf2 import 
\f1\b0 \cf0 android.os.Bundle;\

\f0\b \cf2 import 
\f1\b0 \cf0 android.view.Menu;\

\f0\b \cf2 import 
\f1\b0 \cf0 android.view.MenuInflater;\

\f0\b \cf2 import 
\f1\b0 \cf0 android.view.MenuItem;\

\f0\b \cf2 import 
\f1\b0 \cf0 android.widget.ArrayAdapter;\

\f0\b \cf2 import 
\f1\b0 \cf0 android.widget.ListView;\
\

\f0\b \cf2 import 
\f1\b0 \cf0 java.util.ArrayList;\

\f0\b \cf2 import 
\f1\b0 \cf0 java.util.Arrays;\
\

\f0\b \cf2 public class 
\f1\b0 \cf0 List_View 
\f0\b \cf2 extends 
\f1\b0 \cf0 AppCompatActivity \{\
\
    ListView 
\f0\b \cf3 search_bookings
\f1\b0 \cf0 ;\
    ArrayAdapter<String> 
\f0\b \cf3 adapter
\f1\b0 \cf0 ;\
\
\cf4 @Override\

\f0\b \cf2 protected void 
\f1\b0 \cf0 onCreate(Bundle savedInstanceState) \{\
    
\f0\b \cf2 super
\f1\b0 \cf0 .onCreate(savedInstanceState);\
    setContentView(R.layout.
\f2\i\b \cf3 activity_list_view
\f1\i0\b0 \cf0 );\
\
    
\f0\b \cf3 search_bookings 
\f1\b0 \cf0 = (ListView) findViewById(R.id.
\f2\i\b \cf3 search_bookings
\f1\i0\b0 \cf0 );\
\
    ArrayList<String> arrayBookings = 
\f0\b \cf2 new 
\f1\b0 \cf0 ArrayList<>();\
    arrayBookings.addAll(Arrays.
\f3\i asList
\f1\i0 (getResources().getStringArray(R.array.
\f2\i\b \cf3 my_bookings
\f1\i0\b0 \cf0 )));\
\
    
\f3\i \cf5 //\
    
\f0\i0\b \cf3 adapter 
\f1\b0 \cf0 = 
\f0\b \cf2 new 
\f1\b0 \cf0 ArrayAdapter<String>(\
            List_View.
\f0\b \cf2 this
\f1\b0 \cf0 ,\
            android.R.layout.
\f2\i\b \cf3 simple_list_item_1
\f1\i0\b0 \cf0 ,\
            arrayBookings\
);\
    
\f0\b \cf3 search_bookings
\f1\b0 \cf0 .setAdapter(
\f0\b \cf3 adapter
\f1\b0 \cf0 );\
\
\}\
\
    \cf4 @Override\
    
\f0\b \cf2 public boolean 
\f1\b0 \cf0 onCreateOptionsMenu(Menu menu) \{\
        MenuInflater inflater = getMenuInflater();\
        inflater.inflate(R.menu.
\f2\i\b \cf3 search_menu
\f1\i0\b0 \cf0 , menu);\
        MenuItem item = menu.findItem(R.id.
\f2\i\b \cf3 search_bookings
\f1\i0\b0 \cf0 );\
        SearchView searchView = (SearchView)item.getActionView();\
\
        searchView.setOnQ\
\
    \}\
\}\
}